Current Efforts:
   Dialog scripting of items, spells, and monster actions - DONE!
   Allow dialog evaluation to trigger monster and player damage effects - DONE!
   Get standalone combat testing from CombatEncounter.py and test with both party sizes of 1 and greater
   Drop CombatEncounter.py into Game.py - DONE!
   Get test saves for testing all quest encounters - DONE!
   Get fairy flute to work on Golum correctly - DONE!
   Look into the damage calculations - DONE!
   More sets of updates to GameDialog - add class for row data and allow multiple row data entries to support a nicer gold display at bottom.  More spacing types to fix the status display for larger party sizes.
   Add character selection from menu and target selection for spells, etc.
   Add trading of items between characters
   Add color changes to dialogs based on party health - DONE!





1)  Render a sample overworld - DONE!
2)  Move around the overworld - DONE!
3)  Move around but block on mountains and water - DONE!
4)  Render the player character - DONE!
5)  Add a sample city with transitions to/from the the overworld - DONE!
6)  Add a second area (stairs) to the sample city - DONE!
7)  Add stationary NPCs, chests, and doors to the sample city - DONE!
8)  Add support for hidden items (search) - DONE!
9)  Add talking to NPCs - DONE!
10) Add level, HP, MP, gold, exp, status, inventory, items (weapons, armor, shields, torchs, keys) - DONE!
11) Add green slime monster encounters to overworld only (monsters always perform basic attack) - DONE!
12) Add red slime monster encounters to overworld only (monsters always perform basic attack) - DONE!
13) Add leveling up - DONE!
14) Add definition for monster sets per area - no longer limited to overworld - DONE!
15) Add save game NPC - DONE!
16) Add an inn to the sample city - DONE!
17) Expand the overworld - DONE!
18) Add more monsters - DONE!
19) Add merchant NPCs - DONE!
20) game.xml changes to make it easier to seed cities with innkeepers and vendors - DONE!
21) Add terain health effects - DONE!
22) Add magic restore NPC - DONE!
23) Add moving NPCs - DONE!
24) Add a cave with limited visibility - DONE!
25) Add spells - DONE!
26) Add item control (equip, unequip, drop, use) - DONE!
27) Improved monster AI (running, spells, different attack types) - DONE!
28) game.xml changes to make it easier to specify chest contents - Partially implemented
29) game.xml changes to make it easier to specify transitions - DONE!
30) Add special monsters - DONE!
31) Door, chest, hidden item, and special monster respawn control - DONE!
32) Add armor healing - DONE!
33) Add roofs to cities - Partially implemented - Shouldn't be able to see between areas
34) Add title screen and create/load/delete menu on start - DONE!
35) Add more cities - DONE!
36) Add more caves - DONE!
37) Implement quest items - DONE!
38) Move sound selections into game.xml - Partially implemented
39) Make traversing stairs in caves optional - DONE!
40) Use controller to specify character name for new quest or answers to math problems - DONE!

Broken Stuff: MapGenCa.py, MapGenNoise.py

Make custom images
Area clearing - make the monster sets per area dynamic
Add fort creation to suppress monsters?
Add companions?
Add boats?
Add branching dialog?
   Dialog changes as story progresses (due to events)
   Dialog changes as level increases  (due to growing fame)
Add different spells?
Add cheats?
Events (planned and random):
   Infestations (monster nests form) form and spread in forests or hills and need to be cleared - cleared by killing monsters at each nest tile
   Corruption forms and spreads imposing HP and/or MP penalties - may block or negate magic - cleared by killing a boss monster at the source tile of the corruption
   Monster sieges of cities/towns
   Monster champions and hordes
Side quests
   Escort a temporary companion
   Fetch something by searching in wilderness for special items or acquiring common items from source
   Protect a town (kill X monsters in the vicinity)
Raise an army
   Construct forts to defend against the monster hordes
   Recruit and rescue other knights to man them
   Fight to reclaim forts claimed by the monsters

Cam's Great Ideas:
   Erdrick's Shield - find in pieces, need a gem to put them back together
   			find sword first, then both gems (for sword and shield), and guys (special monsters) trying to stop you from getting it 